Initial overhaul of widget overview (#22168)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/list.md

  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Notebooks"
algolia:
  tags: ['event stream', 'log stream']
---

> The list widget gives you the option to display a list of events and issues, which can come from a variety of sources such as Logs, RUM, or Events. Search and query across sources to narrow down to the events you want the widget to highlight and display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list widget displays a list of events and issues, which can come from a variety of sources such as Logs, RUM, or Events. Search and query across sources to narrow down the events you want the widget to highlight and display.
```
